                 DynarchLIB -- JavaScript UI Toolkit

                      (c) Mihai Bazon 2004-2011
                          www.dynarchlib.com

                    Released under the BSD License

             --------------------------------------------

This is a JavaScript UI toolkit that I wrote long ago.  It's still
maintained (I'm using it in important projects), but not in active
development for the time being.  Please note that bit rot has settled
here and there; the documentation is incomplete (but most of what's
written still stands), it probably won't work in IE < 9 (but I really
don't care about it), etc.

If you find this useful, please drop me a line.  If you would like to
report a bug please use the GitHub issue tracker.

Following there are some notes on how to build or hack the thing.

----------------------------------------------------------------------



BUILDING
--------

There is a build script written in Perl that has the following
requirements:

- Template::Alloy (perl module)
- JSON (perl module)
- UglifyJS [1] which in turn needs NodeJS

If you run Ubuntu or Debian Linux, you should be able to install
everything like this:

    $ apt-get install libtemplate-alloy-perl libjson-perl
    $ apt-get install libnode-uglify

Then simply running ./make.pl from the toplevel directory should
produce a “DynarchLIB.zip” file, in the same directory.  Unpack this
somewhere and open index.html in the browser (NOTE: put it behind a
real Web server, not over "file:///"--otherwise XMLHttpRequest-s won't
work).


DEVELOPING
----------

The build script produces a version suitable for production
deployment--all scripts are concatenated and compressed into a single
"thelib.js".  If you want to develop DynarchLIB things get a little
more complicated (more than they should be, but yeah, at that time I
was a Perl hacker).

You need Apache2 and mod_perl2, you'll need to create a virtual host
to target the DynarchLIB source tree, and install a mod_perl handler
for it.  This should do it:

    $ apt-get install libapache2-mod-perl2 libapache2-request-perl

Then create a file /etc/apache2/sites-available/dynarchlib.conf with
content like this:

    <VirtualHost *>
        ServerName              dynarchlib.local
        DocumentRoot            /home/mishoo/work/thelib/
        DirectoryIndex          index.html
        PerlRequire /home/mishoo/work/thelib/modperl.pm
        <FilesMatch "\.cgi">
                SetHandler cgi-script
        </FilesMatch>
        <Location />
                Options +ExecCGI +Indexes +FollowSymLinks
        </Location>
        <FilesMatch "\.(css|jss?|jsx|html?)">
                SetHandler perl-script
                PerlResponseHandler JSToolkit::ModPerl
        </FilesMatch>
        AddHandler cgi-script .cgi
    </VirtualHost>

I'm not even sure all the above is needed, I wrote that file years
ago.  Any case, above I'm assuming that the DynarchLIB source dir is
"/home/mishoo/work/thelib/" -- change this to match your path.

Then you need to symlink that file into /etc/apache2/sites-enabled:

    $ cd /etc/apache2/sites-enabled
    $ ln -s ../sites-available/dynarchlib.conf
    $ sudo service apache2 restart

One more tiny detail, you need to define dynarchlib.local to resolve
to the IP of your machine (127.0.0.1) in /etc/hosts.  Then, if you're
lucky and I didn't miss anything, http://dynarchlib.local/ in your
browser should get you the main page of the documentation.

In this setup, scripts are loaded in their original unminified form so
you can modify, test and debug them.  For example if you try
http://dynarchlib.local/tests/?file=buttons/look.js — it should open a
dialog with some buttons in various states, which I used to test the
CSS for buttons.  The script that runs is in tests/buttons/look.js and
you can edit that and reload to test changes.


LICENSE
-------

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
      copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
      disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
      with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER “AS IS” AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
